# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective
##How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
###User needs can be determined through meetings with the client/users, that information is taken by the product owner and then turned into user stories
user stories are passed to the scrum team as individual assignments that need to be completed.  The Team will assign values to each user story, and based off the needs of the client/users they will assign priority to each user story.  Those user stories and the values their given are used to determine multiple things such as the amount of time the project might take, sprint planning, budget for the current sprint etc.
##How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
###In addition to what was mentioned above, scrum meetings are held daily to keep the team up to date with everyones progress on completing user stories, and any possible detriments that might occur for the day.  This is where the team can choose the products they are working on and decide if they want to work that user story as a team, also allows the team to ask questions that need answering of the scrum master.  The scrum master takes what is learned in these scrum meetings and keeps the product owner up to date, so the product owner can communicate progress and ask input from the client.  Anything from the client that the product owner learns is passed to the scrum master and the rest of the team in scrum meetings.
##What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
###Be as self governing as you can manage.  Choose to work projects that you know are your strong suit, and help others if they need it and you know that you are capable of helping.  Don't rely on the Scrum Master for everything, but if there are questions that you can't get the answers to yourself, don't be afraid to ask for clarification.  Be where you need to be when you need to be there and do your best to provide the rest of the team with accurate assessments in the progress of your work.  
